Whisk the lime juice, oil, chipotle powder, salt, and cumin together in a large bowl. Add the shrimp and toss to combine.
Growth in Japan evaporated in the three months to September, sparking renewed concern about an economy not long out of a decade-long trough.
The independent film festival will feature two new international cinema competitions.
Serve the shrimp with the tortillas and salsa.
Twelve films competing in the new world cinema documentary category.
The economy had stagnated throughout the 1990s.
Actor Daniel Day-Lewis is to be presented with an award for his career in film at the Berlin Film Festival.
Combine all of the marinade ingredients except the orange juice in a blender or food processor.
The internet is incredibly competitive for businesses. 
A melting pot of cultural influences, Algeria is a highly underrated North African tourist destination.
Add the orange juice and puree until combined.
Predominantly Roman, take your pick from our list of the eight coolest ancient ruins to visit in Algeria.
Many of the courses are project-based, too, helping you learn how to develop a well-designed marketing strategy by actually doing it.
This National Park is a recent addition to the national parks of Algeria.
Google collects detailed information about its users, including their physical locations, to target users for advertising. Often, this is done without the users’ consent or knowledge.
Although Google has made some compromises in recent years, such as making it easier to delete location data, it remains the target of lawmakers and activists for the aggressive data-harvesting practices on which its business model relies.
In 1931, the museum published a radiographic study by paleopathologist Roy Moodie that captured many of its mummies in vivid skeletal detail.
In a medium bowl, combine the turkey, onion, chili powder.
Use a metal spatula to transfer the turkey patties to the pan or grill.
IMPACT mummy database compile scans of mummies and offer access to researchers who wish to study them.
The world's biggest confectionery firm, Cadbury Schweppes, has reported a modest rise in profits after the weak dollar took a bite out of its results.
The researchers found that plants and animals rebounded faster than previously thought.
In a large bowl, sift flour, sugar, baking powder and salt together. Make a well in center of mixture.
The site shows a near-continuous record of plants and animals over a period of one million years.
With your hands, work dry mixture with liquids until a dough has been formed. Divide the dough in half.
The modest profit rise had been expected by analysts after the company said in December that the poor summer weather had hit soft drink sales in Europe.
Ancient Roman architecture adopted the external language of classical Greek architecture for the purposes of the ancient Romans, but was different from Greek buildings, becoming a new architectural style.
Roman architecture covers the period from the establishment of the Roman Republic in 509 BC to about the 4th century AD.
Be careful with the first baking of these biscotti.
The Romans only began to achieve significant originality in architecture around the beginning of the Imperial period.
In its report, the Law Commission said it had found wide support among criminal justice professionals for an end to the mandatory life sentence for murder.
Even though they are baked a second time after being cut, if they do not bake sufficiently the first time, the biscotti will have a hard, heavy core.
The home secretary confirmed the review was to get under way in the wake of a Law Commission report which branded the current murder law as "a mess".
Combine the eggs, extract, sugar and salt in a mixing bowl or the bowl of an electric mixer and whip with a hand mixer set at high speed or in a heavy duty mixer fitted with the whip.
Graphic design is an essential aspect of any marketing campaign or emerging business.
This is in fact a hot topic in medicine these days, and much of the medical literature is devoted to this.
While the egg mixture is whipping, combine the flour, cornstarch and baking powder and stir to mix.
He paints himself as a lone researcher with a new breakthrough battling an intolerant medical establishment.
This simple, seamless graphic design software makes it easy to spice up your marketing and social media initiatives.
The acquisition of scientific knowledge is completely scientific.
This five-part training will help you master the techniques of design for both print and web.
The scientific method has proven itself to be reliable.
Good design converts, and if you want to be armed with visual techniques that drive sales.
In medium bowl combine flour, baking powder and baking soda; blend into creamed mixture. Dough will be stiff.
Divide dough in half. Add cocoa powder and coffee granules to one half of the dough, mixing to blend.
