Combine oil, lime juice, garlic, oregano, and pepper sauce; pour over steak.
Drain steak, discarding marinade. Sprinkle steak with salt, pepper, and cumin seeds.
Heineken and Carlsberg, two of the world's largest brewers, have reported falling profits after beer sales in western Europe fell flat.
Emmerson’s previous research has shown that residents of Pompeii had a much closer relationship with trash than humans today.
Danish brewer Carlsberg suffered a 3% fall in profits due to waning demand.
Before Mount Vesuvius blanketed Pompeii in volcanic ash, one local’s trash could have easily become another’s building materials.
Heineken increased its dividend payment by 25%.
Under the name of Cuicul, the city was built 900 metres above sea level.
Thaw crab if frozen.Cut into serving-size pieces; crack.
The city was initially populated by a colony of Roman soldiers from Italy, and eventually grew to become a large trading market.
Arrange crab and vegetables on large platter or serving bowl.
I am looking for the email address of the World Health Organization.
Cooking broth may be ladled into cups and served as a soup after crab and vegetables are cooked.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
The cesarean rate in the United States steadily increased from 1965 through 1986.
While soup is simmering, plunge watercress into large saucepan of simmering water.
One hospital succeeded in reducing the rate of cesarean delivery by 
applying objective criteria for the four most common indications for cesarean 
delivery.
This list is offered as a reference for translating commonly appearing acronyms in the space-related newsgroups.
Ladle soup into heated soup bowls. Add watercress puree to soup.
As of Edition 3 of the list, these acronyms appear on multiple lines.
MARINER 6 and 7 were sent to Mars in 1969 and expanded upon the work done by MARINER 4 four years earlier.
Back under the spotlight of public scrutiny she will attempt to erase the double disappointment of the Athens Olympics.
MARINER 8 ended up in the Atlantic Ocean in 1971 when the rocket launcher autopilot failed.
More than 50 million people own a mobile in the UK, but mobile operators are keen to encourage people to move onto more sophisticated handsets that can do more.
MARINER 4, the sister probe to MARINER 3, did reach Mars in 1965.
A further recent survey said that only 4% of mobile owners were thinking of upgrading to 3G phones.
Radcliffe concedes she will probably learn a lot from her bad experiences in Athens in time.
A new European directive could put software writers at risk of legal action, warns former programmer and technology analyst Bill Thompson.
he mayor said he had recounted to the assembly a number of "examples of intrusion by journalists" into his, and his family's private life. 
On the other hand, you probably don't know someone with a milk allergy because that's much less common.
More directly, once software patents are granted then any programmer will have to worry that the code they are writing is infringing someone else's patent.
Bill Thompson is a regular commentator on the BBC World Service programme Go Digital.
That's because they have a true allergy, which means the root of the problem is not in their digestive systems, but rather in their immune systems.
On Tuesday, the mayor said he would be making a full written response to the chairman of the assembly.
A new European directive could put software writers at risk of legal action, warns former programmer and technology analyst Bill Thompson.
he mayor said he had recounted to the assembly a number of "examples of intrusion by journalists" into his, and his family's private life. 
On the other hand, you probably don't know someone with a milk allergy because that's much less common.
More directly, once software patents are granted then any programmer will have to worry that the code they are writing is infringing someone else's patent.
Bill Thompson is a regular commentator on the BBC World Service programme Go Digital.
That's because they have a true allergy, which means the root of the problem is not in their digestive systems, but rather in their immune systems.
On Tuesday, the mayor said he would be making a full written response to the chairman of the assembly.
He argued closer co-operation with Europe over asylum and immigration was crucial to controlling the flow of people into the UK.
Graphic design has picked up trends in recent years.
He accused the government of being "pathetic" when it came to its efforts over immigration and asylum and of "surrendering" on the issue.
Dark chocolate’s potential health benefits certainly don’t give you a free pass to overindulge.
Working at the intersection of art and technology, a savvy graphic designer creates imagery—typography, special effects, photos, drawings, and the like—that sells and strengthens ideas.
Dark chocolate is the most nutritious form of chocolate.
Fruit juice, in particular, is a highly concentrated source of fruit sugar.
Fruits and vegetables are “juicy foods” that consist mostly of water.
The government says the lord chancellor would be unlikely to go against Lord Woolf's wishes.
Vegetables are naturally lower in sugar than fruit, which means freshly made vegetable juice is lower in calories than fruit juice.
Lord Woolf said the current rules were not written down but it was inconceivable in practice that the lord chancellor would overrule his concerns.
If you are going to drink juice, look for 100 percent juice.
Chocolate, according to recent research, may provide a mental boost by elevating blood flow to the brain.
Chocolate may be good for the skin.
The Lightpointe laser bridges work over distances of up to 4km.
Tata Teleservices is using the lasers to make the link between customers' offices and its own core network. 
Lastly, chocolate seems to make people feel better.
The laser bridges can route data at speeds up to 1.25gbps.
